Add new introduction to jhub on docs (#2518)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/index.rst

JupyterHub
==========

`JupyterHub`_ is the best way to serve `Jupyter notebook`_ for multiple users. 
It can be used in a classes of students, a corporate data science group or scientific 
research group. It is a multi-user **Hub** that spawns, manages, and proxies multiple
instances of the single-user `Jupyter notebook`_ server.

> To make life easier, JupyterHub have some pre-configured projects. Be sure to 

Reviewer: How about calling them 'distributions' instead of 'pre-configured projects'? I think that's the word we use in both TLJH and zero to jupyterhub docs.

take a look at them before continuing with the configuration of the broad 
original system of `JupyterHub`_. Today, you can find two main cases: 

1. If you need a simple case for a small amount of users (0-100) and single server 
   take a look at 
   `The Littlest JupyterHub <https://github.com/jupyterhub/the-littlest-jupyterhub>`_ installation. 

> 2. If you need a more complex approach, with a lot of users and deploy on Kubernetes,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. If you need to allow for even more users, a dynamic amount of servers can be used on a cloud,
```
